CISC205_p6_ch15_inheritance_program

Functional Requirement:  
    - Design a Yacht class that has two inherited classes, Sailboat and Powerboat.  
    - Create a menu-driven program that will allow the user to enter yachts, powerboats and/or sailboats and then display the data.    

Programming Requirements:

1.  Design a Yacht class that has the following members:

     name (string <= 20 chars and unique)

     length (float > 0)

     yearBuilt (string = 4 chars)

     Appropriate constructors 

     Accessors 

     Mutators with exit_failures if they are sent invalid data

     A virtual print function that displays the yacht's name, length and year built

     ----------------------

2.  Design a Powerboat class that is derived from the Yacht class with the following additional members:

     number of engines (int > 0)

     total horsepower (float > 0)

     Appropriate constructors 

     Accessors 

     Mutators with exit_failures if they are sent invalid data

     A Print function that overrides the print function in the base class and only prints the powerboat's name, number of engines and it's total horsepower.

     --------------------------

3.  Design a Sailboat class that is derived from the Yacht class with the following additional members:

     sail area (float > 0)

     Appropriate constructors 

     Accessors

     Mutator with exit_failures if they are sent invalid data

     A Print function that overrides the print function in the base class and only prints the sailboat's name and total sail area.

     -------------------------

Demonstrate the classes by offering a menu of choices to the user:

In main, create an array of Yacht pointers of SIZE = 10.  Offer the user a menu as follows:

Loop the array until the user either enters (5) OR the array is filled up.  

1.  Enter new Yacht
    - dynamically allocate a new yacht object
    - prompt and store the data (for all objects)
2.  Enter new Powerboat
    - DA a new powerboat object
3.  Enter new Sailboat
    - DA a new sailboat object
4.  Display all elements in the array
    - display all elements
5.  Exit




Your program should have both high and low level validation for user input AND a way for the user to switch the high-level validation off so that the low-level validation (exit_failures) can be demonstrated.  See Billie's Notes under the Chapter 14 Lesson for more conversation about that.

See program 15-14 for help in allocating the array elements.

Make your code modular, well-documented and have your output look professional.  I wouldn't wait until the last minute on this one.  

-----------------------------------

Submit to us:

1.  all of your .cpp and .h files.   

2.  a URL to a live jing that shows us that your code is working.  Don't forget to show us validation. 